economics-8	electric vehicles lithium, nickel and cobalt
economics-8	electric vehicles shortage raw materials
economics-8	electric cars battery on resources
economics-8	impact of electric cars supply chain
economics-8	electric cars and shift away from oil and gas
economics-8	China and electric cars raw materials
economics-8	Electric vehicles and Democratic Republic of Congo
economics-8	Electric car and semiconductor shortage
economics-8	How is the push towards electric cars impacting the demand for raw materials?
economics-13	fixed vs floating exchange rates
economics-13	currency peg crises
economics-13	hong kong dollar fixed exchange rate
economics-13	Milton Friedman and floating currency rates
economics-13	Bretton Woods and floating exchange rates
economics-13	pound stirling and the European Exchange Rate Mechanism (ERM) crash
economics-13	Swiss franc in 2015 crash
economics-13	benefits of floating exchange rates
economics-13	Euro and issues with fixed exchange rates
economics-13	Keynesian economics and fixed exchange rates
economics-13	Peso pegged to dollar issues
economics-13	Why do many economists argue against fixed exchange rates?
history-20	Marquis de Lafayette in American Revolutionary War
history-20	Battle of Saratoga and French support
history-20	French support was crucial for gaining independence
history-20	Treaty of Alliance with France
history-20	France in the American war of Independence
history-20	Spain and France in in American Revolutionary War
history-20	How vital was French support during the American Revolutionary War?
history-23	Treaty of Versailles and guilt clause
history-23	Treaty of Versailles and German economic impact
history-23	Did the Treaty of Versailles cause WWII?
history-23	How Hitler demonized the Treaty of Versailles
history-23	Was it Appeasement and not Treaty of Versailles the real issue
history-23	Failed League of Nations and WWII
history-23	Why did the Treaty of Versailles fail?
politics-12	How America funds Medicaid?
politics-12	Republican resistance of American Healthcare Act
politics-12	Republican disdain for universal healthcare
politics-12	Republican battle Obama on universal healthcare
politics-12	Republicans vs Democrats on healthcare
politics-12	free-market healthcare in America
politics-12	Lobbying impact on United States healthcare debate
politics-12	Why American healthcare so expensive?
politics-12	Healthcare inequality in America
politics-12	Why is universal healthcare so politically controversial in the United States?
politics-17	Did funding help Tony Blair change labour (Lord Levy)
politics-17	Tony Blair New Labour
politics-17	Tony Blair and Clause IV
politics-17	Leadership and charism of Tony Blair
politics-17	Tony Blair and failure of Conservatives
politics-17	Tony Blair 1997 Election
politics-17	Tony Blair vs John Major
politics-17	How Tony Blair used media
politics-17	How did Tony Blair make the Labour Party more electable?
economics-1	UK Challenger banks market share
economics-1	UK Challenger banks
economics-1	How has the UK's Open Banking Regulation benefited challenger banks?
economics-1	United Kingdom new open banking products
economics-1	UK Challenger banks open banking (Atom Bank, Revolut, Starling, N26, and Tide)
economics-1	UK Open Banking impact on traditional banks (Barclays, HSBC, Lloyds Banking Group, and NatWest Group)
economics-1	PSD2 UK challenger banks
economics-1	United Kingdom banking marketplace
economics-1	United Kingdom open banking regulation and startup funding
economics-1	United kingdom open banking products
economics-2	What technological challenges does Bitcoin face to becoming a widely used currency?
economics-2	Bitcoin quantum threat
economics-2	Bitcoin hacking and cyber attacks
economics-2	Bitcoin fiat currency
economics-2	Bitcoin El Salvador
economics-2	Bitcoin environment impacts
economics-2	Bitcoin transaction costs and time
economics-3	new ways NFT hold value and can revolutionise the economy
economics-3	Why are many commentators arguing NFTs are the next big investment category?
economics-3	Why are non fungible tokens (NFT) a high risk investment
economics-3	non fungible tokens and the future of banking
economics-3	The disadvantages of non fungible tokens (NFT)
economics-3	Environmental effects of non fungible tokens (NFT)
economics-3	non fungible tokens and fintech
economics-4	Why has value investing underperformed growth over the last decade?
economics-4	why did value stocks outperform growth in the past?
economics-4	what's better between value investing and growth investing?
economics-4	why has value investing underperformed
economics-4	has growth investing outperformed value investing in the past?
economics-4	can growth and value investing be combined
economics-4	is value investing riskier than growth investing?
economics-4	what are the pros and cons of growth investing?
economics-6	challenges of adopting a european fiscal union
economics-6	Why are some economists sceptical about the EU's monetary union without a shared fiscal system?
economics-6	Why are some countries not part of the european monetary union?
economics-6	Why is a fiscal union an important consideration in the development of an economic union?
economics-6	why does europe need a fiscal union?
economics-6	How does being a member of the EU influence the fiscal policy of member states?
economics-6	alternatives to a fiscal union to support the european monetary union
economics-6	european fiscal union: economic rationale and design challenges
economics-12	What are the common problems or criticisms aimed at public sector enterprises?
economics-12	John Maynard Keynes
economics-12	GovTech
economics-12	why are government companies inefficient
economics-12	the problem with Quasi-Public Corporations
economics-12	Bureaucracy
economics-12	political bias in publicly owned companies
economics-12	political bias in public enterprise
economics-12	how can marketization improve public sector companies
economics-12	what are the problems with public sector companies
economics-12	keynes and hayek
economics-12	public sector companies struggle
economics-12	kaynes
economics-12	Government waste
economics-12	Quasi-Public Corporation
economics-12	Friedrich hayek
economics-17	Why is scaling a hardware business more capital intensive than a software business?
economics-17	Non Recurring Cost
economics-17	why is making hardware harder than making software
economics-17	lessons from hardware companies
economics-17	why making hardware is hard
economics-17	supply chain for hardware vs software
economics-17	difficulties in logistics in hardware companies
economics-17	the difficulties when scaling hardware
economics-17	Software as a service
economics-17	infrastructure as a service
economics-17	platform-as-a-service
economics-18	will the tech bubble burst
economics-18	Does the tech sector currently resemble the dotcom bubble
economics-18	are tech stocks in a bubble
economics-18	Was the crash that followed the dot-com bubble an overreaction considering the ultimate success of the internet?
economics-18	FAANG
economics-18	tech boom vs dot-com boom
economics-18	web 2.0 bubble
economics-18	cryptocurrency bubble
economics-19	best asset allocation to get rich
economics-19	Is diversification the best strategy to get rich?
economics-19	should you diversify your porfolio
economics-19	how effective is portfolio diversification
economics-19	why nobody likes diversification
economics-19	does diversification increase expected return
economics-19	high risk versus low risk investment strategies
economics-19	modern portfolio theory
economics-19	how does diversification contribute to wealth
economics-20	high valuations of private startups
economics-20	Are private capital markets so plentiful that there is no need for startups to IPO?
economics-20	Why startups don't IPO?
economics-20	Venture capital and private equity having lots of capital
economics-20	What sovereign wealth funds do for startup valuations
economics-20	IPO versus venture capital
economics-20	risk of startup IPOs?
economics-20	tiger global, sequoia, and softbank
economics-21	why do actively managed funds rarely beat the market?
economics-21	are actively managed asset managers worth it?
economics-21	How much of a threat are ETFs to actively-managed Asset Managers?
economics-21	How often do actively managed funds outperform passive funds?
economics-21	passive vs active managed funds
economics-21	when are actively managed funds worth it
economics-23	accounting scandals big four
economics-23	Offering non-accounting services arguably creates a conflict of interest for the Big Four. Is this the reason for their inability to uncover recent financial scandals?
economics-23	should auditors provide accounting services?
economics-23	why the big four accounting firms should be split
economics-23	why the big four should be split
economics-23	conflict of interest in auditing big four
economics-23	accounting scandals
economics-23	big four conflict of interest
history-1	To what extent was britain's appeasement policy justified?
history-1	Would the United Kingdom have been ready for WWII without the time gained through Appeasement?
history-1	what were some of the benefits of UK's appeasement policy with Hitler?
history-1	What did britain gain from the appeasment policy before world war 2
history-1	did britain re-arm duing the appeasement period with germany?
history-1	To what extent was Chamberlain's appeasement of Hitler justified?
history-1	what were some of the benefits of UK's appeasement policy?
history-1	What did britain gain from the appeasment policy
history-1	Why did britain adopt appeasement?
history-6	The black death (bubonic plague) and persecuted minorities (Jews, Lepers)
history-6	causes of the Renaissance
history-6	What were the lasting social changes brought about by the Black Death?
history-6	the black death and changes in labour, wages, and inflation
history-6	bubonic plague social impacts
history-6	the black death and Roman Catholic Church
history-6	bubonic plague / black death and Roman Catholic Church
history-6	bubonic plague and Roman Catholic Church
history-6	The black death (bubonic plague) culture and art
history-6	The black death (bubonic plague) and the Renaissance
history-6	bubonic plague economic changes
history-6	Black death Prof. David Herlihy
history-6	The black death (bubonic plague) and end of feudalism
history-11	Was the dark ages that bad?
history-11	Francesco Petrarch coined the term Dark Ages. Was this a fair description of this period of history?
history-11	impact of plague on middle ages?
history-11	religious persecution in middle ages
history-11	medieval science and technology in dark ages
history-11	impact of black death on society?
history-11	Was feudalism good in middle age?
history-11	positives and negatives about the early Middle Ages?
history-11	Did Emperor Charlemagne benefit society?
history-11	Dark Ages and the Roman Catholic church?
history-11	Does Carolingian Renaissance disprove dark ages
history-11	Conflicts in early middle ages?
history-12	Why did Britain have a reformation of religion under Henry VIII?
history-12	Reformation and Anne Boleyn
history-12	Catholic Church vs. Henry VIII
history-12	Thomas Cromwell and England Reformation
history-12	Why did Henry VIII want reformation in England?
history-12	did henry VIII push for reformation due to property and land?
history-12	Thomas Cranmer and England Reformation
history-12	Did the rise of Protestantism lead to English Reformation
history-12	Martin Luther and England Reformation
history-12	Why did England have a reformation of religion under Henry VIII?
history-13	Why did Japan attack the United States at Pearl Harbour?
history-13	ripartite pact between Japan, Italy and Germany
history-13	us embargoes on japan
history-13	Why did Japan go to war with the US?
history-13	Japan US war
history-13	pearl harbor surprise attack
history-13	Japan world war two navy
history-13	Japan global power World War Two
history-13	arms limitations placed on Japan
history-15	Why did Winston Churchill lose the 1945 General Election after winning World War II?
history-15	1945 United Kingdom General Election
history-15	Why did Churchill lose 1945 UK General Election?
history-15	Why Conservatives not popular after WWII?
history-15	Was Winston Churchill popular?
history-15	What did the UK public want after WWII?
history-15	Election strategy in 1945 General Election
history-15	Appeasement and Great Depression cost Conservatives in 1945 General Election
history-15	How did Clement Attlee win 1945 UK General Election?
history-15	Welfare State and 1945 General Election
history-15	Churchill’s popular appeal during 1945 General Election
history-16	what if germany successfully invaded russia
history-16	Would Adolf Hitler have won World War II if he had invaded England instead of the Soviet Union?
history-16	how could Germany have won the second world war?
history-16	what if operation barbarossa never happened
history-16	was it possible for germany to win world war 2
history-16	could germany have won the battle of britain
history-16	why did hitler invade russia
history-16	what if germany invaded russia earlier
history-16	What if Hitler never invaded Russia
history-17	How significant was Smallpox in the Spanish defeat of the Aztecs?
history-17	How did the Aztec military and politics contribute to the fall of the Aztec Empire?
history-17	What weapons did the Spanish conquistadors have to defeat the Aztecs
history-17	How did the Spanish conquistadors defeat the Aztecs
history-17	What economic impacts did the fall of the Aztec Empire entail?
history-17	How could a small number of Europeans defeat the Aztecs?
history-17	How did the Aztec way of life change after the defeat against the Spanish
history-18	Were the Crusades driven by religious devotion or political and economic gain?
history-18	consequences and effects of the crusades
history-18	How did the Crusades impact Europe
history-18	how did europe benefit from the crusades
history-18	why did the crusades start
history-18	pope urban II
history-18	pope urban
history-19	How close did the world come to nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis?
history-19	The bay of pigs
history-19	Events after Anderson died during the cuban missile crisis
history-19	Events that avoided nuclear war during the cuban missile crisis
history-19	Soviet heroes avoiding nuclear war in the cuban missile crisis
history-19	aircraft reconnaissance during the  cuban missile crisis
history-24	Vietnam war and media television effect on public opinion
history-24	How did American media coverage of the war in Vietnam shape public attitudes and opinions?
history-24	the tet offensive Vietnam
history-24	Concerned Officers Movement Vietnam
history-24	the tet offensive media impact
history-24	- United States news media and the Vietnam War
history-24	- Inventions that Helped Shape How We Interact with Knowledge and Information
history-24	Walter Lippmann Vietnam
history-24	tet offensivve vietnam
history-24	historian Daniel C. Hallin in his book "The Uncensored War"historian Daniel C. Hallin in his book "The Uncensored War" to explain the coverage of the Vietnam war
history-24	The Uncensored War
history-25	How responsible was Rasputin for the fall of the Romanov dynasty?
history-25	Causes of Russian Revolution
history-25	Was Tsar Nicholas II a popular leader?
history-25	Did Rasputin cause the Russian Revolution?
history-25	Tsarina Alexandra role in downfall of Tsar Nicholas II?
history-25	How did WWI impact the Russian Revolution?
history-25	Was Rasputin simply a propaganda tool?
history-25	Did economic and social issues lead to overthrow of Tsar Nicholas II?
politics-1	Is Scottish Independence inevitable?
politics-1	Will Scotland be independent in long term?
politics-1	Political difference between Scotland and England
politics-1	Scottish independence and national identity based on history
politics-1	Scottish independence and currency debate or using the pound
politics-1	Scottish independence and the youth vote
politics-1	scottish independence and brexit
politics-1	Scottish independence and COVID
politics-1	Impact of conservatives and labour on Scottish independence
politics-3	should countries have nuclear weapons?
politics-3	Are nations with nuclear capabilities a threat to world peace or a deterrent?
politics-3	advantages and disadvantages of nuclear weapons
politics-3	why do countries need nuclear weapons?
politics-3	how do nuclear weapons affect the balance of power in the world
politics-3	Do nuclear weapons strengthen or weaken international stability?
politics-3	nuclear weapons detterence theory
politics-4	What did the protests in Hong Kong achieve?
politics-4	What has been the impact of the Umbrella Movement on Hong Kong politics?
politics-4	How did the Umbrella Movement influence Hong Kong's younger generation?
politics-4	How did the Umbrella Movement inspire a new kind of activism in Hong Kong?
politics-4	What happened to the most prominent faces of the Umbrella Movement in Hong Kong?
politics-4	How did the Umbrella Movement influence Hong Kong's politics?
politics-4	What did the 2014 protests in Hong Kong achieve?
politics-4	What effects did the arresting of some of the leaders of the Umbrella movement have on the politics in Hong Kong?
politics-4	How did the Umbrella Movement inspire a new kind of activism?
politics-4	How does China influence Hong Kong's politics?
politics-5	Racism in America
politics-5	How did Colin Kaepernick impact the political discourse about racism in the United States?
politics-5	Colin Kaepernick and black lives matter
politics-5	Why is taking the knee important?
politics-5	Colin Kaepernick racism debate
politics-5	Colin Kaepernick impact on George Floyd's protest
politics-5	Nike ad with The Kaepernick
politics-5	George Floyd
politics-5	Has Colin Kaepernick changed how people protest?
politics-5	The Kaepernick Effect
politics-5	NFL vs. Colin Kaepernick
politics-5	Colin Kaepernick and Police brutality
politics-5	Colin Kaepernick impact US culture
politics-5	Donald Trump vs. Colin Kaepernick
politics-6	racial breakdown of votes in the 2012 US presidential elections
politics-6	Would Obama have won the 2012 US Presidential Elections without the Latino vote?
politics-6	mitt romney 2012 US presidential elections
politics-6	what if latinos did not vote in the 2012 US presidential elections
politics-6	barrack obama 2012 US presidential elections
politics-6	how did various racial group vote during the 2012 US presidential elections
politics-6	what racial groups supported mitt romney
politics-6	why was the hispanic vote an important factor in obama's reelection
politics-6	why did latinos vote for obama over romney
politics-7	why is the electoral college important
politics-7	what are the major flaws of the electoral college in the United States?
politics-7	Should the Electoral College system in United States elections be abolished?
politics-7	what is wrong with the popular vote in the united states
politics-7	What would happen if the Electoral College was abolished
politics-7	why was the electoral college established
politics-7	why is the electoral college in the united states important
politics-9	Brexit and societal divides
politics-9	referendums and populism UK
politics-9	What are the issue with binary referendums?
politics-9	Was Brexit a fair and factual campaign?
politics-9	Scottish referendum and societal divides
politics-9	How have binary choices in referendums been a challenge for UK democracy over the last decade?
politics-9	Does wording matter in referendums?
politics-9	Is it fair Scottish referendum is once in a generation?
politics-9	Should referendums need a supermajority?
politics-9	referendums and populism
politics-9	Do referendums help democracy?
politics-9	How have binary choices in referendums been a challenge for UK democracy over the last decade?
politics-13	Should the burden of funding climate change initiatives be solely on developed nations?
politics-13	are developed countries to blame for climate change
politics-13	can developing countries afford to pay for climate change
politics-13	what are the challenges of achieving sustainable development for developing countries?
politics-13	why did the US leave the Paris agreement?
politics-13	can developing countries afford cleaner ways of economic progression?
politics-13	why didn't the US want to fund the Paris Agreement?
politics-13	who's fault is climate change
politics-16	Did donald trump have a better campaign than hillary clinton in 2016?
politics-16	Why did Hilary Clinton lose the 2016 US presidential election?
politics-16	what mistakes did hillary clinton make in the 2016 presidential election?
politics-16	how did sexism affect the US presidential election in 2016?
politics-16	what was the role of russia in the 2016 presidential elections?
politics-16	what external factors impacted the 2016 US presidential election?
politics-16	why do people dislike hillary clinton?
politics-20	What are the criticisms of section 230
politics-20	should social media be considered publishers
politics-20	should social media be regulated by the government?
politics-20	are social media companies platforms or publishers?
politics-20	Should social media companies be held liable for content and actions made by their users?
politics-20	how will social media censorship affect free speech?
politics-22	What was the role of technology in the Arab Spring?
politics-22	Arab Spring and Al Jazeera
politics-22	Egypt, technology and the Arab Spring
politics-22	Bahrain, technology and the Arab Spring
politics-22	Causes of Arab Spring
politics-22	Arab Spring and Social Media
politics-22	technology in Arab Spring
politics-22	Arab Spring on Twitter
politics-22	Yemen, technology and the Arab Spring
politics-22	Libya, technology and the Arab Spring
politics-22	Tunisia, technology and the Arab Spring
politics-22	Syria, technology and the Arab Spring
politics-22	Arab Spring on Facebook
politics-22	Arab Spring powered by videos and images
politics-23	russia
politics-23	Bulgaria, Hungary, Austria, Poland and the EU
politics-23	Is the rise of European populism a threat to the European Union?
politics-23	Populism in Eastern Europe
politics-23	Is Brexit a threat to the European Union?
politics-23	Populism in France and Germany and the European Union
politics-23	Long-term threats to European Union?
politics-23	Right-wing politics threat to EU?
politics-23	Does European populism help Russia?
politics-23	What is Euroscepticism?
politics-23	Hungary politics
politics-23	Poland politics
